
1 - Opening the ModelView
=====================
**Precondition: None**
**Actor: Modeler**
**Covers use cases: [Add a new differential equation, 
					Show state variables, 
					Save the model, 
					Start new model, 
					Model name, 
					User should be able to input numbers, 
					Edit existing formula, 
					The user can add an algebraic equation, 
					Save model default by model name
					Edit Descriptions/Units
					Warning on defining parameter as dependent variable]**
## Creating a model
1. Run the ModelView.class
	*You are presented with a prompt including 3 buttons: "Open Experiment","Open model" and "New model".*
		
2. Click the option 'New model'.
	*You are presented with a window with a single text field for the name of the model.  Buttons include "OK" and "Cancel".*

3. type 'test' as the name of your new model and click 'OK'.
*You are presented with the model view. The name of your model is shown in the title bar. In the menu bar there are drop down options for "Model":["New...","Open...","Save..."] and "Experiment":["New...","Open...","Save..."]. Underneath that is a tabbed pane with "Formulas", "Parameters" and "Dependent variables". By default you are in the "Formulas" tab. In the "Formulas" tab you see a textfield for "Dependent variable" and "Equation". On the right hand side, there are buttons to "Add", "Edit" and "Delete" a formula from the formula table. Underneath the text fields, there are two radio buttons for "Equation type": "ODE" and "Algebraic equations". By default, the "ODE" radio button is selected.  Right now the formula table should be empty. On the lower right side, there is a "?" button.*

4. When you see the model window, enter the Dependent variable: 'A' and Equation: "k1++4" and click "Add".
	*Your state "dA/dt" and equation "k1++4" are now shown in the formula table. Appended  to the equation is "(incorrect syntax)".*

5.  Click on "Experiment" -> "New" in the top of the window.
	*A new windows should pop up giving the error that the formulas are incorrect*

6. Click on "OK" in the warning window.
	*The warning window should close and the user should remain in the Model view.*

7. Select the equation in the formula table and click the "Edit" button.
	*On top of the equation field, you can see a label with "Edit mode...".  The State and Equation are shown in the "Dependent variable" and "Equation" text field respectively.*
	
8. Remove a single "+" from the equation and click "OK".
		_The equation "k1+4" for State "A" is now shown in the equation table without the "(incorrect syntax)"._
		
9. Click on the "Parameters" tab. 
	 *A new pane should open that shows a table with three columns titled: "Parameter", "Unit" & "Description". The parameter column should show one entry with the name "k1". At the very right the user should see a text box with the buttons "Add" and "Delete" below it*
	 
10. Select the textbox and type in "k2" and press "Add".
	*"k2" should now also appear in the parameter column*
	
11. Click on the "k2" entry in the table, it should get highlighted and then click on "Delete".
	*The "k2" entry should now disappear from the table*
	
12. Now select the text box again and type in "B" and press "Add".
	*The "B" entry should now disappear from the table*
	
13. Select the Unit field of "k1" and type in "m/s", next select the unit field of B and type in "km", then select the Description field of "B" and type in "Example". Finally click on "Submit" in the bottom right.
	*All fields should be deselected and the changes should be saved*

14. Return to the Formulas tab and click on the "Algebraic Equation" radiobutton. and type "B" in the "Dependant variable" field and "A+k2+4" in the "Equation" field.  Next, click "Add".
	*A warning should pop up telling you that the dependent variable is already in pre-defined parameters*

15. Click on "OK" 
	*Your state "B" and equation "A+k2+4" are now shown in the formula table.*

16. Click on the "Dependent variables" tab.
	*You should now see the same window as for the parameters tab, except there is no text box, "Add" and "Delete" button. You should see in the first column variables "A" and "B" and "B" should have the Unit and Description specified before*
	 
17. Select the unit column of variable "A", type in "m" and press submit.
	*The change is now saved*
	
18. Click on the "Parameters" tab and select the unit column for the parameter "k2", type in "km/u" and press "Submit"
	*The change is now saved*
	
19. Click on "Model" -> "Save..." in the menu bar.
	*A file-chooser window appears showing the default directory ./data with the model name in the "Save as:" field and the default file format "Model files". At the bottom of the file-chooser there is a button "Save" and "Cancel".*

20. Open the AcceptanceTest folder and click "Save". 
	*The file ./data/test.model is created.*
