**2  -  Opening the ExperimentView, running the experiment**
==============
**Precondition: 1 - Opening the ModelVieuw**
**Actor: Experimenter**
Cover use cases: [Saving Experiment, Creating an Experiment, Check if parameters and state values are valid numbers, plot a graph, plot a phase plane, simulate experiment, progress-bar, Saving table to CSV]
**##Creating an experiment**

 1. in the model window click the experiment menu item.
	*You are presented whit a popdown window whit 3 options; new... , open... , save... . *
 2. Then select the first option "new...".
	 * *You are presented whit a new window. The name of your experiment is shown at the top of the window. There are 2 tables. One whit all the parameters specified in the model  together whit a default starting value of 1.0 and one whit all states also whit the starting value.  At the bottom there are 3 text boxes. One for Time step, one for Time start and one for Time end. There is a Edit button in the top right and a run button underneath that. And a help button in the bottom right.*
3. Change the Time start to ++++ and the Time End to 2050. And change the value from k1 to "hallo". And click on "Edit".
	*A value error window pops up whit the text; TypeError for: k1: hallo time start: ++++.* 
4. Click Ok.
	*The popup disappears. The time start is reverted to 0.0 and k1 back to 1.0 and the Time end is set to 2050* *
5. Change the Time start to 1 and k1 to 5 and click the "Edit"button.
	*The time start will now be 1 and k1 will be 5*
6. In the model window click the Experiment menu item.
	*You are presented whit a popdown window whit 3 options; new... , open... , save... . *
7. Click "save...".
		*A file-chooser window appears showing the default directory ./data with the model name in the "Save as:" field and the default file format "Experiment files. At the bottom of the file-chooser there is a button "Save" and "Cancel".*
8. Click save.
	*The file ./data/test.exp is created. And the saver window disappears.*
9. Click the "run" button.
	*A window appears with a table that starts expanding automatically and a progressbar that fills together with the table. After the progressbar fills, 2 plots appear in seperate tabs named "A" and "B" that contain their respecive states against time.*
10. Click on "plot"->"Phase plane"
	*A window appears with two drop-down fields.*
11. Select "A" in the leftmost dopdown fiel and "B" in the rightmost dropdown field. Click "OK"
	*A plot showing the phase-plane of A and B appears in its own tab*
12. Click "File"->"Save...".
	*A window appears with options for delimiter and an "OK" button.*
13. Click "OK"
			*A file-chooser window appears showing the default directory ./data with the model name in the "Save as:" field and the default file format "CSV". At the bottom of the file-chooser there is a button "Save" and "Cancel".*
13. Click "Save":
	*the file is created*

